Remove Enzyme Extension (#4663)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-open-source.md

# Open Source Polkadot Stack <!-- omit in toc -->

> :::danger Always do your own research before using open-source tools
> 
> The tools listed here are open-source. Always [do your own research](../general/how-to-dyor.md) before using these tools, especially before creating accounts and transferring funds. For extensions and wallets, make sure the tool has the option to [recover](../learn/learn-account-generation.md#restore-account-on-the-polkadot-js-browser-extension) an account or make it recoverable in case you lose the seed phrase by, for example, exporting a [backup file](../learn/learn-account-generation.md#backing-up-accounts). In any case, [always keep your seed phrase secure](../general/scams.md) and be aware of scams.
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: While I understand the need to add a cautionary note on accounts/extensions, this document is for developers who would like to build their projects from the open-source code on the repositories (not the end users), and the links do not directly point to the application. 

```suggestion
:::caution Do your research before using open-source tools

The tools listed here are open-source and are linked directly to their source code. Before using these tools to build your projects, always [do your research](../general/how-to-dyor.md) and be aware of [scams](../general/scams.md).

:::

```
